I will be able to believe someone.
And then I will be able to believe that you are a one.
Gracias!
I am at the greater spot.
I am lucky.
And I want to see you as my mentor.
It is much fun.
I'm very lucky to see you.
Gracias!
I am not an artist.
A guy, a little...
I don't care how round journey for me
so much, Little
I can tell you
what area to shop
I want you
but it's something
Randy and Casa gave us
and what will you do with Edo's Mother?
Carlos
Would you like to paint it on her dress?
Yes
I think it's all about Grace
Is this how it looks like with Edo, Petamade
Did you have oil?
Pretty even
A lot...
very beautiful
Mama
What I hate
See
I'm not going to play better than you.
But I'm not going to.
I'm not going to play better.
It's not true.
Did you know that?
Yes.
I'm going to be playing with you.